custom search results (#253)
avo-hq/docs.avohq.io: docs/3.0/search.md

If you're using ransack version 4 and up you must add `ransackable_attributes` and maybe more to your model in order for it to work. Read more about it [here](https://activerecord-hackery.github.io/ransack/going-further/other-notes/#authorization-allowlistingdenylisting).
:::

> ### Custom results <VersionReq version="3.10.8" />

Reviewer: I think this produces some artefacts somewhere, having it in the title.

```suggestion
### Custom results

<VersionReq version="3.10.8" />
```

> When using custom search services like Elasticsearch, there may be no active records available. In such cases, or when you want to have full control over the search results, the `query` block should return an array of hashes. Each hash should follow the structure below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use custom search providers like Elasticsearch.
In such cases, or when you want to have full control over the search results, the `query` block should return an array of hashes. Each hash should follow the structure below:
```

```ruby
{
  _id: 1,
  _label: "The label",

>   _url: "The url
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  _url: "The URL",
  _description: "Some description about the record", # only with Avo Pro and above
  _avatar: "URL to an image that represents the record", # only with Avo Pro and above
  _avatar_type: :rounded # or :circle or :square; only with Avo Pro and above
}
```

```

Example:

```ruby{2-10}
class Avo::Resources::Project < Avo::BaseResource
  self.search = {
    query: -> do
      [

>         { _id: 1, _label: "Record One", _url: "http://example.com/1" },
>         { _id: 2, _label: "Record Two", _url: "http://example.com/2" },
>         { _id: 3, _label: "Record Three", _url: "http://example.com/3" }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        { _id: 1, _label: "Record One", _url: "https://example.com/1" },
        { _id: 2, _label: "Record Two", _url: "https://example.com/2" },
        { _id: 3, _label: "Record Three", _url: "https://example.com/3" }
```

      ]
    end
  }
end
```

> :::warning Count doesn't work when returning custom results.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::warning
Results count will not be available with custom search providers.
:::
```
